# <h1 class="top-card-layout__title font-sans text-lg papabear:text-xl font-bold leading-open text-color-text mb-0 topcard__title">Senior Software Engineer-Python</h1>

## Company
*CARDO-AI*

## Job Description



At Cardo AI, we are on a mission to build the best technology empowered by AI algorithms for private market investments. Our talents don’t just make things – we make things possible. We provide infrastructure, speed and precision to institutional investors, banks and credit originators in solving the most challenging and complex credit investment problems.

  


As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work on designing, developing, and maintaining our Private Debt Technology Platform. You will collaborate with a passionate, cross-functional team to bring new features and functionality to market and increase our platform's stability and resiliency.

  


**What will be your goals for your first 30/60/90 days:**

  


* Write high-quality, easily maintainable, testable, and scalable code
* Contribute in the architecture, design and development of new features/projects
* Contribute in technical discussions and brainstorming sessions
* Ensure best practices are being followed through the development life cycle
* Help translate business requirements into technical solutions
* Help in task planning, estimation, scheduling and prioritization
* Participate in maintenance and support activities

  


**How will your expertise contribute to everyone's success:**

  


* Software development experience in Python
* Strong problem-solving ability
* Growth mindset and bias for action
* Effective and friendly communication skills between Developers, and Business Analysts
* Solid knowledge or strong interest in Fintech (especially related to Private Debt)

  


**Our stack:**

  


* Python Web Frameworks: Django and FastApi
* Celery
* SQLAlchemy and Postgres
* Redis
* Pandas
* Python Dependency Injector
* Patterns: Hexagonal Architecture

  


**You are:**

  


* **Proactive**. You take initiative to constantly improve individually and as a part of a team.
* **Enthusiastic**. You are an enthusiastic and driven individual with a strong desire to build scalable and reliable systems that span multiple businesses.
* **A well-rounded engineer.** You have a deep appreciation for engineering fundamentals. You understand the importance of writing tests, designing systems for long-term maintainability, and evaluating both sides of common engineering considerations. You have familiarity with leading architectural meetings and taking decisions in order to ensure the software which is built is architecturally consistent and of high quality. You will work with the product managers to define and prioritize technical tasks. As a coach and mentor for the developers, you will train, pair-program, and help with code reviews. You love, use, and advocate best practices like clean code, design patterns, SOLID, KISS, git-flow, etc. You are aware that development is more than simply writing code. You embrace the context of the application.
* **Curious.** You want to expand your financial knowledge, you are excited to learn more about the intricacies of the financial system and you are adept at learning on the job.

  


Come and be a part of Cardo AI’s revolution! As a rapidly growing fintech scale-up, we're not afraid to shake things up. While we continue our journey of continuously improving our talent experience, here is what you will already find:

  


🤸 Flexibility Unleashed: Embrace remote work and enjoy flexible hours that suit your lifestyle.

📚Ignite Your Career: Witness firsthand the power of growth with abundant learning opportunities and a dedicated training budget.

💰Inspiring Rewards: Competitive salary, performance-based bonuses every six months, and jaw-dropping quarterly bonuses for top performers.

🎉Work Hard, Play Harder: Enjoy regular social events and amazing company retreats each year.

📨Bring Brilliance: Be rewarded generously for referring talented friends to our team.

🍫Fuel Your Success: Stay energized with free office fruits, lunch options and irresistible espresso coffee.

🏠Claim Your Stake: Participate in our exclusive stock option plan and share in our success.

  


Ready to Redefine Work? Join Cardo AI and let boldness and creativity reign. Together, we'll shape the future of fintech!




 

 


 

 


